1. Main features of python

Easy to Code. Python is a very high-level programming language, yet it is effortless to learn.
Easy to Read. Python code looks like simple English words.
Free and Open-Source.
Robust Standard Library.
Interpreted. ...
Portable. ...
Object-Oriented and Procedure-Oriented. ...
Extensible.

2. Difference between a list and dictionary

A list refers to a collection of various index value pairs like that in the case of an array in JS. A dictionary refers to a hashed structure of various pairs of keys and values.

3.  Pass

The pass statement is used as a placeholder for future code

4. What is an iterator in Python

Iterator is simply an object that can be iterated upon. An object which will return data, one element at a time.Python iterator object must implement two special methods, iter() and next(), collectively called the iterator protocol.

5. What is Unit testing 

Unit testing is a software testing method by which individual units of source code are put under various tests to determine whether they are fit for use. It determines and ascertains the quality of your code.

6. Favourite Test Framework

unit test because it works with Python built-in standard library. 

7.  Types of Arguments in Python

• default arguments

• keyword arguments

• positional arguments

• arbitrary positional arguments

• arbitrary keyword arguments

8. What are functions

a function is a group of related statements that performs a specific task. Functions help break our program into smaller and modular chunks. As our program grows larger and larger, functions make it more organized and manageable.

9. How to create a class

A Class is like an object constructor, or a "blueprint" for creating objects.
A class is created using a class keyword containing attributes and methods. 

10. Explain what polymorphism and inheritance is in Python OOP

Polymorphism in python defines methods in the child class that have the same name as the methods in the parent class. In inheritance, the child class inherits the methods from the parent class. Also, it is possible to modify a method in a child class that it has inherited from the parent class.